"x"
"1" "Just heard someone refer to their sunglasses as \"sunnies\" so now I never want to speak to another human again."
"2" "Wanting to speak to someone for so long but when you finally do things only get worse..great start to the day. Fs"
"3" "I get so mad at myself when I realize I spent 2 years with someone that I will probably never speak to again. Lol at me"
"4" "actions speak louder than words so always listen to what people are telling you with your eyes rather than your ears."
"5" "How do you usually express your emotions? ‚Äî I'm one to always speak my mind, so verbally, I guess. I also write."
"6" "If you have an accent ill probably force a conversation just to hear you speak lol I think its so beautiful and different"
"7" "you don't realise how much ily you make me so happy &amp; proud I wish I could speak to u every single day it would make me smile"
"8" "Action speak audible than words you know akr so I rather gesture than ke bue now and not be able to convince you Bua pele"
"9" "Hi Kate, we're very sorry about this. Please email your order # to https://t.co/VZ2eZIYFyk so we can speak with you"
"10" "First of all, nice to meet you follow the valleys, I'm Italian so maybe you can follow me speak better"
"11" "How in the heck are all of the foreign students so smart,get good grades and manage to be our TAs but cant even speak English?"
"12" "by more than the person speak ill of you I do not care I like you for you to be so"
"13" "I don't begüôÖ for FRIENDSüëØ so whether you speak to me or not I don't give a FLYING f*ckk.üíÖ #JustKnow! #Just #Know!"
"14" "First time to ever speak on the mic, not so bad"
"15" "Just yourself knows what to do. So let's think before speak!"
"16" "If I know you don't like me I'll make sure I talk to you so you have to speak back! üòÇ"
"17" "I don't know why Nicki fans going so hard üòÇ ya girl was rapping about big dicks &amp; fat asses why would they want her to speak to children"
"18" "I don't ask nothing, actions speak more than words. So I'm going to assume what I wanna."
"19" "People need to think before they speak. Words can do so much damage."
"20" "This man stopped me in my path n day just so he can speak to me and stutter"
"21" "i don't speak to romee for so long"
"22" "but the week after they gave me another chance and i got to speak to them !!! so maybe something rly good will happen soon oo"
"23" "i cant speak for other single moms but its hard for me to wanna start dating. my child means the world to me, and so does my inner peace"
"24" "i don't know when it became cool to blow people off until you force them outa your life. so you want something different. u needa speak up"
"25" "Don't want to speak but have so much to say &lt;"
"26" "This man breath stink so bad sitting next to me I gotta hold my breath every time he speak üò©üòí"
"27" "üíÜ- a don't even know haha! used to be so close but things are fucked. gorgeous and amazing personality but things have changed. dnt speak x"
"28" "I have to do a presentation in the morning with a girl that doesn't speak English OR Spanish so ima be completely lost"
"29" "If another MF tells me I gotta get married soon imma slap the bitch so hard he/she wnt be able to speak again!! #IJS"
"30" "‚ÄúMy dongsaengs always speak well so they took my task and I will have to organize and add up well.‚Äù -Suho"
"31" "Thanks so much, I'll DM her. Would be good to speak."
"32" "if you speak to an intellectual, well educated 'true' muslim then you will beg to differ. There are so many Muslims you r yet 2 meet"
"33" "Don't Speak Unless Spoken To So W/ That Being Said Don't Talk To me Unless I'm Talking To You ."
"34" "Hi Jacob, When are you free so need to speak with you my brother re all things discussed at launch lol! holla at me asap plse"
"35" "I don't really care either way because it's not harming anyone so it's not my business to speak for or against it"
"36" "The teacher chose me today to say something about the news in English, so i was like uhhm dude i cant speak english.. horrible."
"37" "Everybody that comes into our party to play has questions. Most don't even understand everything. So, I speak for most."
"38" "How can I not speak to someone for months and still get pissed off so easily"
"39" "I'm impressed in a way that you got to speak. We got, the 'speak to me, don't speak to me' so we never knew which. Same result"
"40" "I hate Wednesday's because non of my friends finish early so I'm just left with nobody to speak to until 3.30/4 until they finish"
"41" "Bitches know so much til it's time to speak up...then you hear crickets"
"42" "My daughter just walked in her to use my bathroom.. I tried to stop her so she can go in hers n she put her hand up n said \"Speak after.. \""
"43" "If your order has missed its estimated delivery date, please speak with us so we can help: ^DO"
"44" "Everyone getting the same message idk why they so afraid to speak it, speak it my peeps cuz what you feel is real"
"45" "First day I didn't speak to you at all and it feels so weird üò´"
"46" "im half arabic so i want to know my culture and speak to my relatives and cool im also part German but I dnt speak it"
"47" "Got to finish these oh so interesting readings though"
"48" "I Cant Neva get the words out when I speak to This Man üíØüò©....&amp; It can be some so simpleüò∂"
"49" "yes it does! Aha I wish, if only eh! Well I'm gonna catch an early night so I'll speak to you in a couple of days hun xx"
"50" "üòãüíï absolutely beautiful! And so lovely, spoken and seen you a few times but should definitely try to speak a bit more or something x"
"51" "Thanks so much great to speak to you. Stay in touch!"
"52" "I feel strangely elated because im so used to seeing my friends speak in Spanish and not understanding but now I can use Tagalog with ppl"
"53" "There's so much shit I don't speak on because I'm not informed enough to have an educated opinion"
"54" "There is only like 2/3 people that i can speak to so much and not get bored or tired of, even if i havent seen/spoken to them in so long"
"55" "I wish you've nothing to fear of me, that you'd speak your earned heart. I want so much to stfu. I'm just Timmy."
"56" "I wish some people would realize how they speak to us at work.. Some people are so rude."
"57" "yes I can imagine. That's why Jews who speak out seem so heroic to me. Must be very hard."
"58" "I do not mean to be so rude, still, I must speak frankly, Mr. Shankly"
"59" "Yes. I worry for you always, but not for others. Unless you worry, I won't. So, do speak to me?"
"60" "&amp; I wouldn't want my son not to speak Spanish , proper Spanish. So I'm trying to do all Spanish rn . He speaks both tho"
"61" "if I say idc then that means idc , so you will never hear me speak to much on something Idc about .. you bitches care fr"
"62" "if i speak to you for more than like 2 days u must be interesting cos i lose interest in people so quickly"
"63" "I just wanna see if she gon play hard to get so I can have a reason not to speak"
"64" "Thanks so much to the brothers of for allowing me to speak yesterday, y'all are a great group of guys. #FordFiesta #Ford #Fiesta"
"65" "Everyone deserves a chance to speak to their sunshine so good luck everyone #Bumps5SOSFanCalls #Bumps5 #S #O #Fan #Calls"
"66" "I feel u everybody started dickeating Andrea like she was doin something so I had to speak üò©"
"67" "I love learning the study of how children learn to speak it changes so quickly in just a few short years. #csd1080go"
"68" "hi im malaysian and i speak both english and malay so tweet me when you want to learn how to speak in malay"
"69" "Been in the UK so I'm just catching up with Saturated- can't wait to hear God speak through your sermon!!"
"70" "Confrontation w/ the not-so-good parts of ourselves is hard, but good. When we allow Jesus' words to speak, we can receive grace/healing."
"71" "I have to be up for court tomorrow , I'm like so nervous idk how to speak to a judge lol im a good girl , idk how this shit works"
"72" "Hahaha i thought you were NOT going to say that you dont trust him #WWEFamily"
"73" "Thank you. Am off to bed here too. Let's speak very soon and you can fill me in. Weather is SO good am expecting to see you! X"
"74" "Ah? [His head tilted ever-so slightly as he continued to speak.] How so?"
"75" "When someone smiles and speaks to you smile and speak back!!! Stop walking around being so mean and rude!!!! ~Dilly"
"76" "When someone expects you to speak... You didn't speak to me so why should I? #soserious"
"77" "First of all learn how to speak English and second why do you want to see me smile so bad lmao"
"78" "I just find it funny when people in my family talk like a dog bout me when they fuckin up to.. so from here on out ..i speak when spoken to"
"79" "Actions speak louder than words. But every girl loves to be sweet talked. So makes that a mixed msg! Haha"
"80" "I can speak to someone in Spanish. But it is so much easier if they speak English tooüò≥"
"81" "if speak in spanish to you, im so fucking sorry for every mistake im about to make."
"82" "if my eyes could speak? They'd say everything that comes to my mind everytime I see someone... So better if they can't speakXD"
"83" "So Danny's whole platoon got in trouble and they're forbidden to speak all day unless they are addressed by a Sargent .."
"84" "just pre-ordered Afterworlds!!! so excited to hear you speak in St Louis!!!!!!"
"85" "I get so mad when my friends are being little sissy wipes lol like staawwp I want to keel you every time you speak"
"86" "My first language is french and I've been to england all summer so now I speak perfectly english and stuff but I'm afraid to forget it"
"87" "FSU is so weird. It seems like every person is hella busy this week yet tonight is the night that they allowed Bill Nye to speak. wtf man"
"88" "Everyone needs to shut up and think before they speak,you don't know someone's situation or how they're feeling so be carefulüòûüòèüòè."
"89" "I hate that I have to wait on my appt for a chat with my counselor.. Like why can't I just speak to him now so he can sorta out my life üò≠"
"90" "Sometimes you have to get out of your routine so God can speak to you in a nonroutine ways. #circlemaker"
"91" "God damn. Why did you speak to me. I was so close to escaping your intoxication for one single day. My mind cannot be free from you."
"92" "I really hope you were able to speak to him. Bullying is my big Thing. Go a bit mad: effects last for so long!"
"93" "I just got along with it most of the time so I don't have to speak to them at all."
"94" "if you forbid to speak Japanese, Your English skills gonna be better seriously! I'm so envy u!!lol"
"95" "He's committed a crime against society, society deserves to speak its mind but should not do so impulsively."
"96" "Gonna see you in like 2 seconds buut I won't be able to speak so HAPPY BIRTHDAY üòôüíñ"
"97" "I know it can often be very difficult, and I don't want to speak as an actual parents because I'm so not, but I agree."
"98" "My day so far: got hit by a kid on a bike, and got told to never speak to you again. Okay happy Monday üòä"
"99" "Hi if you call into our Travel Shop with ticket we'll re-imburse difference, sorry! What time @15 was that? so we can speak to dvr"
"100" "Was at few yrs back to see speak, &amp; Ms. Bechdel lent me her phone so I could call &lt;3 &lt;3 &lt;3 #BTV"
"101" "So cool to hear Dr. Gerald Rubin speak at our #LeadershipLunch #Leadership #Lunch ! wish could be here! üî¨"
"102" "I always find it so cute when an infant tries to speak like an adult, \"Everybody look at me, take me seriously.\" Cute."
"103" "I cannot speak to people that are so self indulgedüò¥ shutupp"
"104" "Find it so weird how you can just stop talking to someone one day and never speak to them again"
"105" "books are so personal so usually I recommend you go to a physical book store and search until you find books that speak to you"
"106" "Every day I'm scared to go to French because my professor doesn't speak english in class and I've never taken french before so I'm like üò∂"
"107" "There's no one I can speak to. I'm so sad it's unbearable"
"108" "I know something somebody don't. but it's not my business to speak upon it so??."
"109" "absolutely love how you don't speak in person but are so quick to text me with some \" i miss you\" üòè"
"110" "There is so many awesome accounts that I want to speak to but I don't dare talk to them"
"111" "My daddy taught me how to speak my mind My sister taught me I should speak my mind My man make me feel so goddam fine I'm flawless"
"112" "I don't know how it was worded to you so I can't really speak about specifics but I guess we all have our own opinions"
"113" "I have so many mutuals that I don't speak to, speak to me, I don't bite"
"114" "conservatives don't need other languages they wanna talk to me they better speak English *sarcasm but so true"
"115" "Bit eager aren't I...So early for work! If anyone's at already come speak to me lol"
"116" "I know that I'll love it but my fave country is Denmark cuz my love is there I want to go to Germany cuz I speak german so idk"
"117" "i get so annoyed when people try to speak to me whilst i'm listening to music"
"118" "ah im so envious of you im chinese and i go to a chinese sch so i dont hv friends who can speak malay sarawak"
"119" "I don't get what y'all get outta Martin, its funny sometimes but y'all speak so highly off it and its regular to me"
"120" "You want to speak so bad. I can tell sweetie ! Just speak"
"121" "I jus wan no y u didnt speak to her ó She ont speak so i dont speak"
"122" "If you can not speak your mind to criminals for fear of losing you possessions your afraid so keep quit."
"123" "If they're all out I'm gonna have to speak to my professor... Discussing that you are poor and can't meet requirements is so embarrassing."
"124" "Congratulations Billy Horschel. In the past three weeks, he‚Äôs earned $13.48 million!"
"125" "I didn't say you could talk to me bitch. So don't speak üôÖ"
"126" "Yo this is so crazy omg The \"can I speak to a manager\" haircut ‚Äù"
"127" "Sometimes I cant even be bothered to speak so I just stare at people when they talk to me"
"128" "Don't understand how one minute you can be so close to someone and then just not even speak when you see them"
"129" "Fuck everyone you know. Getting rid of my phone so none of u can speak to me"
"130" "I'm gonna learn how to speak Portuguese so we can talk"
"131" "I wonder y ppl wants IK to speak against Army? After Bhuto politics ˜ in to 2 Anti or Pro so do now"
"132" "if I see a commuter train drive straight through west Drayton I'll be furious. So will Hopwood speak to us personally yet?"
"133" "i know there's only a small chance but it would mean so much to me if i was able to speak to my sunshines #Bumps5SOSFanCalls"
"134" "Sometimes truth is glaring you in the face- blinding so much you can't see. It takes another to speak into your life &amp; point the way.#listen"
"135" "If I give you a low, slow ha ha ha, you've either turned me on so much I can barely speak or I think you're an idiot &amp; you need to go away."
"136" "I can't speak to your preferences. But I can say that this is the 1st big AAPL initiative so completely tied to existing ecosystem"
"137" "Yes, he is already in my following list. I was so fortunate to speak with him at #Flames post game show in January."
"138" "If I may be so bold as to speak for the group, your Chamonix peeps are so excited for you! 19 years ago. Life sure is #Wild."
"139" "I feel so down and shitty today I just want to curl up in bed and not speak to anyone"
"140" "but... the ones who volunteered to speak in spanish were really good in spanish so I hope not all of them are of the same level"
"141" "I wont have anything to do with them who speak as if they are the only true church, they are full of SHIT, so sorry guys!"
"142" "I could give it to you, but I know ya'll sensitive, so, Im gonna let time speak for me, do you"
"143" "If we truly love one another we must \"speak the truth in love\" (Ephesians 4:15) at all times, even when it is uncomfortable to do so."
"144" "Actions speak louder than words so I don't have to know u not to like u."
"145" "Want to learn to speak Icelandic. Rosetta Stone doesn't have Icelandic so Mighty Ducks 2 it is. #TheGooalieNOO! #The #Gooalie #N #O #O!"
"146" "I don't know where I am going to rest my head tonight, so I won't promise that I'll speak to you today"
"147" "I liked a video Julian Treasure: How to speak so that people want to listen"
"148" "He really pissed me off last night so im not speaking to him until he speak to me üòí"
"149" "why is so hard to speak English"
"150" "hi,i wish to speak with you so hmu on my cell"
"151" "I don't speak to himso your snapchat lies then?üòÇ"
"152" "I hate when someone say they seen me. Ok? And? U didn't speak so.. Why u bring it to my attention üò≥ I wasn't lookin for u"
"153" "Ever have something so scary going on you are afraid to speak about it?"
"154" "I can speak to you so honestly.üé∂"
"155" "I'm So Erked Nobody Better Not Speak To Me"
"156" "I heard this guy say \"Peewdiepie\" in class and i was about to fangirl with him when i realized, i don't like that guy so i wont speak to him"
"157" "Gonna act like i don't exists the rest of this week...so if u speak to me nd i dont acknowledge you thts whyüòíüò¥"
"158" "I can speak so eloquently, that you won't have a chance to deny me..."
"159" "I get so paranoid when people next to me speak another language"
"160" "My dad told Maria if she don't have anything nice to say then so speak at all so she came straight home from work and went to her room üôäüôäüôä"
"161" "bless anyone new who has the patience to speak to me in person because i get so nervous it takes me a long time to string my words together"
"162" "I heard Dr. Michael Eric Dyson speak on a panel today though. I swear I wouldn't get this experience anywhere else. I'm so happy to be here"
"163" "IK has given us courage to speak against these so called VIPS, ab chahai wo banni galla jayai ya kaheen or #GoNawazGo"
"164" "people expect more time to speak I love you, I'm sorry, forgive me, time is precious, so I'll talk to whom I love;"
"165" "Sometime wonder why I speak to josh he's so horrible to me, DICK"
"166" "I could listen to Myles Parrish speak all day long. His voice is so üòç"
"167" "just tried ringing you but I think your phones off so I'll speak to you tomorrow x"
"168" "I hate having a spot so big when you speak to folk you can see them looking at it hahaha FUCK OFF"
"169" "I don't think so. Cause they see me to and they don't speak"
"170" "my ex is gonna start watching fairy tail im so happy i'll be able to speak to him about it"
"171" "Sometimes I think about expressing my opinion. But then I remember that I haven't learned or seen enough to speak. So I listen and learn"
"172" "about it and I called my mom at lunch but she kept saying hello? so I gave my phone to my friend to talk for me bc I couldn't speak"
"173" "yo mama's so topical they invite her to conferences to speak about current events"
"174" "Goodbye from ZEN! Great to speak to so many businesses and sign them up to the Zero Emissions Network #mobilityweek"
"175" "if you want to be cool, we can be cool. but your appraisal of the event is based on limited knowledge, so speak softly"
"176" "He said I'm so hard to get &amp; iont acknowledge him of even speak üò© .. That's funny üòÇ iont even know him Thoe üòê"
"177" "Sometimes you simply need to speak about direct experiences. This one's about death, so be forewarned: #fb"
"178" "So the policemen came down to school to talk to the children about safety &amp; it was rlly embarrassing to hear him speak coz contd-"
"179" "Girls that act like boys are so much better to speak to than normal girls"
"180" "My family gets so mind blown when I speak french to people"
"181" "You too Robbie, so pleased your feeling much better, have to go speak"
"182" "I follow so many ppl on social networks but they look in my face but don't speak . It's okay to speak I don't bit !"
"183" "I have to start thinking before I speak because I be coming off so rude and mean to people as they say but oss irdgaf"
"184" "I'm helping Sunset Strip Music Festival Jane's Addiction. Need to speak w/ you. Plz follow me so I can private message u"
"185" "I don't want to hear churches speak out against war, since religion has been/is behind so many wars &amp; other world conflicts."
"186" "Why? Raven I'm so happy I can speak to you again. I was afraid I would never speak to you again. ^_^ Im so happy *he hugs tight*"
"187" "You don't speak to me but you know so much about me. Ok. üòß"
"188" "I feel so lucky to say that I was able to hear speak to RCAH today! Thank you !!!"
"189" "Comfort Gold - Dog Pain Support Dogs cannot speak and so they are not able to ‚Äútell‚Äù us when #naturalcures"
"190" "I love eating lunch with nothing but me, myself, and I."
"191" "i have so many mutuals i never speak to and i want to unfollow them but feel bad"
"192" "so cute üòòüòòüòò‚ù§Ô∏è you must learn to speak French lol ‚ù§Ô∏è"
"193" "but you hate Star Wars so you aren't allowed to speak"
"194" "Thanks...twas lovely to see you guys too! So pleased you like the pouches. Speak soon"
"195" "Don't put your life at risk for crappy, cliche railroad track photos."
"196" "Yes!! So I decided to speak English on twitter from now on!!"
"197" "Wanting to have one person you feel you can speak to so to help you through depression"
"198" "So apparently im not to speak to my mum anymore. Oh, alright"
"199" "yes !! I admire that üòçüòç I used to be so quiet and afraid to speak for myself.. Then I grew up üòà"
"200" "I feel so proud every time Kpop idols are trying their best to speak english."
"201" "THERES A KOREAN GUY IN OUR SCHOOL AND MY FRIENDS AND I ARE TRYING SO HARD JUST TO GO SPEAK TO HIM"
"202" "People moaning about folk going on about the indyref need to wise up. Go speak about big brother then cause it's so much more importantüòÇ"
"203" "I can't even speak my second language so asking me to speak in Spanish for class is probably NOT going to happen"
"204" "every guy I speak to is just a friend so...üòÅ"
"205" "Yes so it seems. How are you Xert.? Long time no speak ? Hello Flip nice to meet you"
"206" "I love fundraisers. Schools you can made so much off sports fundraising. Contact me I would live to speak with..."
"207" "Going to bed now cause I'm in the UK but I can't wait to wake up and see all the tweets about tickets üòè"
"208" "I can write but I cannot speak. I know English but I prefer to speak in Malay. Homagoshh.... I feel so stupid. Urghh"
"209" "there is nothing interesting to tell about ...so I don't speak much"
"210" "I have personally witnessed clogging to \"Smooth Criminal\" and \"Old Time Rock &amp; Roll\" so I know what I speak of."
"211" "When u speak, u get judged. when u remain silent, people think u're weird. One of the reasons why people need to stop being so judgmental."
"212" "Everyone is tweeting about men and ‚Äúthose were his last words‚Äù so I‚Äôm the fuck outta here cos I don‚Äôt want to speak my la‚Äî"
"213" "So they should act like a d1...or its it merely marketing speak to encourge markets to turnout"
"214" "If you're going to speak about me in a lesson at least talk quieter so I don't hear youüíÅ"
"215" "So apparently you used to speak to connor maynardüòÇüòÇüòÇüòÇ"
"216" "Idk gets me so mad when you speak to me"
"217" "ahaha awwhow/where did you learn to speak English so well?"
"218" "I really want to learn how to speak French. French just sounds so cool."
"219" "#Bwekillertouch #fat kwisp1179 need to speak soon as I'm a mooking our honeymoon to Mauritius so need some tips etc all the #bwilliant"
"220" "So cool to have had the opportunity to hear former editor Harry Rosenfeld speak about journalism from Watergate to today"
"221" "I find it so annoying that it's impossible to speak to someone on the phone!!! Theirs not one option to speak to a provider!!annoyed"
"222" "I know you'll never follow me but hey today is my lucky day#yeahright you'll neverknow"
"223" "I won't speak right away but I definitely be peeping so when you try to play me ima bring it up &amp; you gon look stupid like always"
"224" "When I speak up when I'm not so post to üòêüòê"
"225" "i hate how everyone in this world is so fuckin suspect and secretive. when it comes to certain shit, at least speak what you feel.. fuck"
"226" "So they speak English rather than German ! ur not going back to the old country then ;) ? x"
"227" "I have so much stuff to say to you but ik when it comes the time to speak to you I'll forget all the stuff"
"228" "I wouldn't even mind so much but Rochelle told me yesterday she would come out so I could speak to her and then didn't.."
"229" "Excited to speak at on October 9! So excited I'm gonna do two talks--one on \"Does Jesus Really Love Me?\" + one on journalism."
"230" "I do as well. Are you planning on shooting a music video for your new single? If so email me to speak further into it g."
"231" "gonna speak to the girl from south Wales all day so I can laugh at her accent."
"232" "wanted to speak to someone about making a complaint but on my mobile so would prefer not to ring an @ 0800 number."
"233" "You Ever Seen Somebody You Was So Tight With Like Legit Would Give Your Last To Out &amp; Y'all Don't Even Speak Anymore?"
"234" "So annoying wanting to speak to someone but know they'll fuck you over again"
"235" "When I speak to bae sometimes I get so excited that I think I'm going to throw up"
"236" "Everything I say leads to a fight so from now on I'm not gonna speak my mind"
"237" "I can't wait to get access to these systems so I can actually start working. I'm bored. But let me not speak too soon."
"238" "So annoyed about everything and now I have to go to class and give a speech sick af and can barley speak üòÖüòÖ"
"239" "If You Could Speak :D As in I forced Wincy to learn how to play it so we can sing it hahaha"
"240" "Every timeüò© #thg#the#hunger#games#quote#katniss#peeta#mockingjay#real#or#not#real#lfl#f4..."
"241" "I love music and I love photography so to me pictures speak where words can't, music is just the ballad to my life."
"242" "First &amp; foremost - all guests are safe. I would like to give you a contact # so you can speak directly w/ someone - I will dm you"
"243" "I would love to see the \"hundreds\" of complaints. Scary that you claim to speak in behalf of so many."
"244" "i find it so funny when customers ask to speak to the manager, shit go ahead lmfao"
"245" "sometimes you have to speak out on what you feel is right when it's so much controversy goin on right now IMO"
"246" "yes, it is. But it's also terrible what happened to the poor kid she doxxed."
"247" "Black guy in my class is so weird with me. If you want to speak then speak stop being weird"
"248" "I know ! Honestly I'm really happy you understand what I'm saying. It's the most stressful thing for me to just speak up so I"
"249" "so there we have to speak the arabic language not the dialect !"
"250" "Here's to the shy,self conscious people who think so much and speak so little,don't think they get enough recognition tbh."
"251" "If &amp; get tossed from ballot, does that mean spent $2 million to get Kennedy &amp;"
"252" "I feel ya, since I speak Spanish (more or less) I want to go to Mexico City so I can see Danna and Cecilia."
"253" "I find it's so much easier to write about difficult things than speak them #lbloggers"
"254" "I would like to learn German so that I can speak it at EF and elsewhere!"
"255" "So apparently I used to pretend to be deaf so no one would speak to me in primary schoolüò≠üò≠ I don't remember thisüòÇ"
"256" "i know but i get so nervous when i try to speak it that i'll say something wrong so i don't speak it when i neEeEeEd to"
"257" "I just went off so quick on this man that walked up behind to shaking my chair to speak üò°!"
"258" "People need to understand that I am a very talkative person. So when. I don't want to speak. DON SPEAK TO ME OR ASK ME 1000 QUESTIONS"
"259" "I hear you on that. Don't want you to get any hate tweets about domestic violence. I'm not ¸ber sensitive so speak freaky w me"
"260" "People tend to say one thing then do another. That's why actions speak so much louder than words"
"261" "I hate my little cousin on IG. She wants to be a paisa so bad. Like bitch you don't speak Spanish, your mom don't, your grandma dont either."
"262" "üå∏ being in love sucks üå∏ #goodnight#bc#im#just#a#big#shit#not#cute#bye"
"263" "So these absurd hypothesis shows ignorance...you don't love me and I don't give a fucking shit...but try to read before you speak"
"264" "if you understand spanish i told you on english you're a fucktard so let to speak with my best friend and me bye and thanks"
"265" "How are dog walkers so cheerful before 7am?? Personally I'd rather not speak to anyone before 8.30 #tooearly #needcoffee"
"266" "I can't wait to speak to my baby today so she can tell me how her day was"
"267" "There is so much bad in the best of us and so much good in the worst of us, that we can't afford to speak negatively against anybody."
"268" "Bitches have so much animosity towards me but NEVER speak on it to ME..."
"269" "I'm so fucking liberated to speak my mind. It took for me to become a writer to do it."
"270" "Are you still in NYC this week? If so, would love to speak with you about an awesome opportunity!! #startups #MENA"
"271" "ahh...I can't do tomorrow now!ill be in in half an hr so speak to you then if you're there xx"
"272" "Funny no wise asses to tell me I'm paranoid tonight huh... Why is it so many of you only speak to me when its to..."
"273" "Don't want to speak too soon but I actually really like A level so far"
"274" "Why should it take Crimewatch for people to phone in? If youve seen a crime then you know youve see a crime so speak up earlier"
"275" "The thoughts you think become your reality. So think and speak positive, affirming words to yourself and others &lt;3"
"276" "So the protesters are planning on disrupting this council meeting too. They act as if when they ask to speak at..."
"277" "Him opening up to Me &amp; telling me things dat he can't speak about to other ppl means so muchüò≥üòåüôå"
"278" "Sometimes I listen to myself speak and I am so damn southern."
"279" "I'm gone sweep you off yo feet til you can't breathe ,cant speak . Put you to sleep so deep up in yo crease .You can't compete"
"280" "why is my french so terrible why can't i just snap my fingers and be able to speak it"
"281" "but when bands go to other countries so say like and english band went to france would theh speak in between songs????"
"282" "If you wish ten good things for your country, one might, thanks to God, be granted...so, speak well of self, family and country"
"283" "I'm so friendly . I will speak to anyone ."
"284" "i heard mrs scheffer got us a sub who can speak spanish now so were actually gonna have to learn stuff"
"285" "You want me to speak to the feeling she had when I touched her leg? She slapped me...so whats that say? really?"
"286" "actions show who someone really is, words just show who they want to be so speak to me with your actions"
"287" "I wish I knew how to speak wine. Wine talk is so lavish."
"288" "Enjoying another pleasant, not at all crowded journey with"
"289" "I know boo ;-( I just wish I could have the balls to speak up hurts me really bad because took me so long to forget the one"
"290" "So cool to have the AD of the school you're playing Saturday speak to your class. Thank you"
"291" "bitches be so quick to speak on what they \" HEARD \" üòíüòë"
"292" "Bitches be so bored they mfs lives that they feel the need to speak on somethin that doesn't involve them"
"293" "Her feelings so resonate with those of us who are Scots but not born here, nor do we speak like Scot, but that usen't to matter"
"294" "when i saw her walking down the street she looked so fine i just had to speak"
"295" "fucking so angry don't even speak to me"
"296" "im going to sleep now so hope you have a lovely day and i will speak to you tomorrow! love you the most"
"297" "Feels so cool being able to speak to the natives en espanol! I wish I knew Catalan"
"298" "A Girl Be So Quick To Tell You How Wrong You Did Her But Never Speak Up On How Good You Treated Her"
"299" "Ah, i speak dutch so i understand some words. But were is Austria, is it near to Germany?"
"300" "ACT SO DIFFERENTLY HE NEVER USED TO SPEAK TO ME THE WAY HE SPOKE TO OTHERS AND THEN LAST NOVEMBER I FOUND OUT +"
"301" "So dad, if you haven't noticed; I can barely speak. So what makes you think I want to tell you about my weekend and day today?"
"302" "Ion wanna link with no one. Please speak up when you see me tho. So I'll know how to handle you"
"303" "I'd probably know how to speak Spanish so that would've been hella tight"
"304" "Just finished a dry run of my #surgecon talk! Just about 54 minutes, so I need to cut some slides for sure... or learn to speak really fast!"
"305" "Just so exciting knowing that I don't have to see anyone or speak to them for two weeks"
"306" "I love listening to people speak different languages, it's so interesting."
"307" "I don't want to speak too soon as it is only Wednesday.....but this week has brought a few good things so far! #feelinghappy"
"308" "I LITERALLY HAD THE WORST DAY OMG #nothankyou"
"309" "I just tried so hard to speak to him, and I ended up awkwardly sitting in front of him stressing out."
"310" "Global Forum #statelessness2014 Media panel - the issue is so political that many don't want to speak out&amp;make a bad situation worse"
"311" "ah Doug, you leave the door open to so many jokes but my Canadian politeness won't allow me to speak"
"312" "i finally got to speak to lila though wOw this is so surreal"
"313" "‚ÄòThere see that wasn‚Äôt so hard-The votes are in you‚Äôll live to speak another day but don‚Äôt push it‚Äô-‚ÄôOh you haven‚Äôt Cont"
"314" "You want to know about us? So I speak.I'm Homra. We are Homra! -Yata Misaki"
"315" "if I had been an advisor, I would not be able to give advise because of laughing so much at our Pres, that unable to speak."
"316" "Find it so funny that you won't speak to me cause you think my best friends my boyfriend üòÇüòÇüòÇ‚úä‚úä‚úä‚úä"
"317" "How lovely. It's too damn hot in the bed. Let's stay awake for another night #off"
"318" "I hope it is. Smh I hate English. We already speak it. And I'm damn sure no one in here wants to be an author so what's the point"
"319" "There‚Äôs a whole new group of political people, from Meghan to (CNN‚Äôs) Don Lemon."
"320" "When you know something so horrible you have to speak it so it doesn't fester, yet no one else is talking. So awkward. I hate this feeling."
"321" "I choose to speak up on certain shit it's so much I could put on the table but I'll js be waisting my time, ."
"322" "Why tf are you trying so hard to speak like you are uneducated?"
"323" "You do realize i get all the screenshots of your arguements with my bestfriend so change the way you speak to her"
"324" "If i don't trust you i don't like you. If i don't like you i don't speak to you. So if i aint speaking to you it's your fault."
"325" "everyone is so chipper in the morning. üëâüí∫ I'm happy to be alive, yes, but I still need my coffee before we can speak."
"326" "sometimes it is favorable to me. but I say to them no! I speak to them why I do so. it is a protest against policy of Latvia"
"327" "So, the people who get sacked from Centrelink will have to speak to someone overseas who took their job..."
"328" "You about to go over to Greece? RT So I gotta learn how to speak Greek?"
"329" "BORED 2 DEATH!"
"330" "Everyone can speak their own opinion. So don't get mad if I like to speak mine especially if I let you speak yours, you stupid cunt!"
"331" "Funny coffee mugs that speak the truth so you don't have to via"
"332" "I decided to speak english so much.who want to do the same thing?"
"333" "I hate to play a race game right now. It honestly, how many caucasian people have heard \" wow you speak so well\" ?"
"334" "People really fake and be so quick to speak on how real they are lol"
"335" "God I feel so weird when people speak english in subbed anime. It takes me a second to realize i can stop reading the subtitles."
"336" "I dont wanna talk to nobody but cameron today . Im really sad even though it ion seem like it so ‚úå best if ion speak."
"337" "I hate when you're at the grocery store and a good song comes on but the workers proceed to speak so much over the intercom like come on!!"
"338" "Girls that speak to like 30 boys at a time is so unattractive anyways man"
"339" "Wanting to speak to someone but knowing they're busy so you try to keep your distance üò©"
"340" "Society is so far gone. It's useless to even try to even speak up because people are so set in their ways they mock you if you are different"
"341" "I have no filter anymore so like if you dont like what I have to say I dont care, I just speak my mind"
"342" "(I don‚Äôt speak to two of my siblings, so, there‚Äôs that)"
"343" "People should know I don't talk to anyone when I have earphones in , and that's everytime . So , don't blame me when I don't speak üòÇüòÇ"
"344" "Thanks so much for your time today Freddie. Was great to speak to you and I hope the academy is a huge success."
"345" "I'm so excited you're here!! I will be at MCC to watch you speak tomorrow!! =)"
"346" "There's only so much you can do for someone if you can't speak to them about God. Poor girl."
"347" "i have tonsillitis its so hard to speak"
"348" "I pray for you every night bc I know English is hard for you to speak &amp; spell and you try so hard and you still can't do it."
"349" "Don't understand how people can speak so negatively about someone yet act so close &amp; friendly to that person? I can't do fake."
"350" "yes he speaks it very well. All the gujju community will be happy to hear him speak it so well."
"351" "you'd think someone empowered to speak for equal rights -- for gays, for blacks, for anyone -- would do so. but you would not be panchito."
"352" "Kathryn Bernardo trying to speak in Cebuano is so cute and funny, HER ACCENT IS SO OFF üò≠üíò"
"353" "ikr! Im glad to hear your good I'm cool as well babes I Still speak to lucy! I miss you guys so much!! Xxx"
"354" "I have 0-2 friends and they family so I have only ppl I speak to while at work which none of them can be trusted to be friendsÖ"
"355" "If you know something that is so bad that it will destroy the #middleclass are you prepared to speak up? We need..."
"356" "yess..u r rockstar..so let ppl speak..kuch to log khenge logon ka kam hai kehna..we luv u kp"
"357" "I hear the same shit everyday, Jemma do you have to speak so loud? Do you ever answer your phone? Replace the towel! Concentrate..YAWN"
"358" "When I say I hate my grade i am so serious there is only a select few that I speak to ."
"359" "So cool to hear one of my favorite thinkers and authors, speak at #INBOUND14"
"360" "So annoying seeing people u used to speak to and realising they actually got well good looking"
"361" "I find myself frustrated to. But as a VC leader, a bit reluctant to speak out so vocally."
"362" "If I had the chance to speak to 5sos I would be so so so so happy #Bumps5SOSFanCalls #Bumps5 #S #O #Fan #Calls"
"363" "Thank you! I didn't want to speak out, but when I see the disbelief of so many, I feel I have to."
"364" "There are so many times when I wish I knew how to speak Italian.."
"365" "I can't speak and write English. So I want to be able to English!!"
"366" "If you would just shut your mouth and listen... Don't be so fast to speak."
"367" "But yet again I don't speak to anyone important so I can't complain ab conversations lmao"
"368" "You don't even hardly speak to me Tell me, what could it be that lets you walk away so freely"
"369" "i cant believ eim compltely unable to speak like this is so weird"
"370" "About to listen to for a third time I think it's the best I have heard so far. It's the best I have ever heard anyone speak."
"371" "I don't speak to my mom so that's not that funny"
"372" "I honestly think that you speak to so many different topics in a voice that hits home, that you need a talk show."
"373" "Sometimes you don‚Äôt have to speak in order to be heard, not when the message is so powerful. --Elie Wiesel #Holocaust"
"374" "I realize I'm annoying to everyone, so I won't keep spamming you, twitter, I'll speak when spoken too"
"375" "people make me so angry, do not speak about my business like it's got anything to do with you üò§!!"
"376" "Going to school! Yay!"
"377" "Finally the MSM reports No Jews Allowed! Nili14 supports u so don't be afraid to speak up"
"378" "going to be so cute! XD Sometimes he sullenly refuse to speak when he gets angry with her, Elsa has a rough time! Haha X)"
"379" "by the time I finish this rhyme you ain't gonna have time to try so please young man please feel free to speak your mind"
"380" "If the temp is -4 it is very unlikely to be a fault so speak to the train manager who maybe able to assist."
"381" "Thank you so much! No, I was asked to speak at a rehab hospital."
"382" "There is no point to raising your hand in Grad School. I really hate the, speak-out-of-turn aspect! So rude! :P #gradschoolproblems"
"383" "If you speaking to me speak of nothing but the truth so help you god!"
"384" "I'd like to speak to someone at your national office, could you follow back so I can give u more info?"
"385" "Congratulations to Katrina Spooner, who has been asked to speak at the ElderCouncil this Friday! We are so proud..."
"386" "Fuck your head up when I speak so well wearing Gold teeth. They be expecting some ignorance to spew out my mouth."
"387" "I can't speak one word of Spanish so I honestly don't understand how I made it to Spanish 4.."
"388" "Thank you for allowing my following! Your Japanese is fluent,so I respect you.I'll also do my best to be able to speak English."
"389" "Good! How are you too? I've always wanted to speak to foreigner!! I'm so grad. If you don't mind, shall we talk from now on?"
"390" "I'll dead ass walk pass people I know and act like I'm on my people so I won't have to speak if I don't feel like talking"
"391" "I know a girl who took her baby to sign language class so infant could communicate before learning to speak. Double FFS!"
"392" "thank you so much, I wrote it myself (and cried while writing it). I just wish I could speak to her one last time and stop-"
"393" "how could you speak down on your female to impress the next that's so weak ."
"394" "IDGAF , what people have to say now . bc yal say shit when im not there but when im present you dont speak tf up . so stfu and sit down ."
"395" "Thank you so much for coming to speak today !! I know everyone really appreciated it ‚ù§Ô∏è"
"396" "My friend doesnt know how to speak to me without mentioning that she had a boyfriend thanks so much for tHROWING IT IN MY FACE 35/8 AWESOME"
"397" "I would LOVE to but sadly am back in Denver. If there's ever another chance I would be so honored to see you speak again! &lt;3"
"398" "if I was to speak, I'm sure they would talk back. So No. It's different."
"399" "my dad told me to speak to his wife so she doesn't go off wtf I'll fight her."
"400" "I could live here, could you?"
"401" "Yes, it was great meeting you too. We don't often get the chance to speak with viewers face to face, so we really enjoyed!"
"402" "Black boys at UNCW be so anti vs. other guys. You speak to them &amp; they would think you pulled out a gun &amp; pointed it at their face. ‚úãüòí"
"403" "you've done enough damage to us all. You don't speak for us so you don't sign for us. Traitor."
"404" "there's this really hot guy on my course and i know im not gonna ever speak to him so i guess this is it isnt it."
"405" "I KNOW HOW YOU FEELL omg I'm so embarrassed I don't think I can speak to him again"
"406" "i like him but not everything about him#not sure#üò£"
"407" "Funny how you can speak to someone for so long &amp; not know them at all"
"408" "I really want to go visit my family in Spain but I also speak no Spanish and my FAM is super old so I have no turn up buddies."
"409" "I have no reason to understand or speak Spanish correctly so therefore I will not. ????"
"410" "Glad I can speak Spanish. Being able to only speak one language must be so boring üí§"
"411" "Why Pakistani media give so much importance to Altaf Hussain. All channels showing his video speech. Drunk bastard he can't even speak"
"412" "fucking ignorant .. you know nothing of peru to speak so disparagingly of us ... You can go to the ..."
"413" "I don't allow people's negative speak, thoughts, or perceptions dictate who I am. So I'll continue to do me &amp; you can stay miserable #LoveMe"
"414" "About to hear Robert Shiller speak at my school so that's pretty awesome."
"415" "I hate how you can be so used to talking to someone everyday and in the blink of an eye, you just don't speak anymore. Ever."
"416" "Thank you for coming to UCO to speak to us! So inspiring and empowering! #EmbracingRealBeauty #Embracing #Real #Beauty"
"417" "i dont know about kurobas but some anime just... they dont even find someone who knows how to speak english and it's SO BAD"
